chore: updating the PR template (#32546)
aws/aws-cdk: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### Description of changes

<!--
What code changes did you make? 
Have you made any important design decisions?

> What AWS Service feature use cases are you adding (describe if omitting) ?

Reviewer: This line is a little confusion to me. 

```suggestion
What AWS use cases does this change enable? To enable the use cases, which AWS service features are utilized?
```

What does `describe if omitting` mean? Does it mean if the contribution does not answer the question, they need to tell why?
